Floats --
1. Both sets of lists move to the right, staying in a row
2. Both sets of list stay on the right site of the page, with a little space in between them and lost of space on the right side
3. One list goes to the right and the other goes to the left, with an equal amount of space in between the two blocks
4. The lists create a column appearance with testDiv1 taking up more space and being on top of testDiv2
5. 40%
6. The lists no longer are in the same row, they shift
7. They change the level of % the columns need to be in order to be in the same row
8. Three columns, not equal across the page though
9. Columns are equally sized, flowing down the left side of the page
10. Left column contained two columns (the on not taking up 25% sort of swallowed the 25%); the other column stayed on the other side
11. Two columns on the left and right are equal, center column wider than the others and hugs left


Lists --
A:
1.the bulleted list changed from full filled in bullets to an outline of a circle
2. same thing as #1
3. bullets become squares
4. bullets disappear
5. List becomes enclosed by a solid red rectangle outline
6. List moves closer to the left side of the border
7. Space comes back between the border and the text of the list
8. The list is the closet its been to the border - no space

B:
1. Black dashed border outlined the list
2. Space returns between list text and the left side of the border
3. The size of the box shrinks, really only encompassing the size of the list text
4. Space is added between the border and the list text
5. The border breaks and appears only at the top and the bottom of the list, the text is moved all the way to the left of the page
6. List returns to inside the box
7. Appears to be the same


Position --
1. the placement of the box remains the same
2. The box moves from the left edge of the page to the 100 mark on the ruler
3. The box moves back to the left of the page, and of it gets cut off (I don't think is correct)
4. There is space added between the top of the box and the ruler
5. The space at the top remains, and the box shifts to the right starting at the 200 mark on the ruler
6. Box goes back to the same spot as #1
7. The box is in the same place as before, but it cuts of the text outside/below the box
8. The box moves to the 'absolute' top left of the page (above the fold/ruler)
9. The box moves to the right top of the page
10. The box moves from the right top corner to 100px in from the right top corner
11. The box stays in the same 100px from the right but it goes back below the ruler
12. The box stays in the 100px from right but it sits on top of the ruler
13. I tried the right one again, but it went back to the left like before idk bruh
    Static seems to allow the box to move and shift text when you change the appearance of the browser
    Sticky appears to do almost the same thing as static
